{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red251\green2\blue7;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c14913\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21200\viewh18480\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 CASANDRE package
\f1\b0 \
\
This package contains example template script code to process psychophysical data, fit the Confidence-AS-A-Noisy-DecisionReliabilityEstimate (CASANDRE) model to an example dataset, plot model fits to an example dataset, illustrate a recovery analysis, and illustrate model behavior. \
\

\f0\b Included:\
\
Scripts:
\f1\b0 \
\cf2 sortAdlerMa2018Expt1.m\
fitAdlerMa2018.m\
recoveryAnalysis.m\
plotModelBehavior.m\cf0 \
\

\f0\b Functions:\

\f1\b0 \cf2 getLlhChoice.m\
getLlhChoiceB.m\cf0 \
\

\f0\b Data:
\f1\b0 \
\cf2 Adler_2018_Expt1-3.mat \cf0 (Downloaded from the confidence database https://osf.io/s46pr/; Citation: WT Adler, WJ Ma. (2018). Comparing Bayesian and non-Bayesian accounts of human confidence reports. PLOS Computational Biology. 14(11): e1006572. https://doi.org/10.1371/journal. pcbi.1006572)\
\
\cf2 Adler_2018_Expt1_sorted.mat \cf0 (Sorted data, original downloaded from the confidence database https://osf.io/s46pr/; Citation: WT Adler, WJ Ma. (2018). Comparing Bayesian and non-Bayesian accounts of human confidence reports. PLOS Computational Biology. 14(11): e1006572. https://doi.org/10.1371/journal. pcbi.1006572) This file contains CASANDRE model fits to data. [Note: \cf2 Adler_2018_Expt1_sorted_ASYM_CC.mat \cf3 contains CASANDRE fits with asymmetric confidence criteria.]\cf0 \
\
\

\f0\b File description:
\f1\b0 \
\cf2 sortAdlerMa2018Expt1.m \cf0  
\f2\i \
Template code to sort confidence data into one \'91trial\'92 structure per experiment. This specific example sorts data from Expt 1 of Adler and Ma (2018). Note: this template works well for data from the confidence database saved in .csv formatting.\

\f1\i0 \
\cf2 fitAdlerMa2018.m	
\f2\i \cf0 \
Fit CASANDRE to empirical data. This specific example fits CASANDRE to Expt 1 from Adler & Ma (2018). \

\f1\i0 \
\cf2 recoveryAnalysis.m \cf0 \

\f2\i Generates synthetic data from CASANDRE and fits CASANDRE to these data.  \

\f1\i0 \
\cf2 plotModelBehavior.m \cf0 \

\f2\i Illustrates key aspects of CASANDRE for a given set of model parameters including primary decision and confidence variable distributions, choice likelihood-functions, and psychometric and confidence functions split by confidence judgment or primary decision correctness respectively. \

\f1\i0 \
\cf2 getLlhChoice.m\cf0 \

\f2\i Function used to calculate likelihood of each choice option in 2-AFC tasks with a single fixed decision criterion for a given stimulus strength. Works for an arbitrary number of confidence rating levels. (Note: this is the key piece of code needed to use model)\

\f1\i0 \
\cf2 getLlhChoiceB.m\

\f2\i \cf0 Function used to calculate likelihood of each choice option in the 2-AFC \'93task B\'94 of Adler and Ma (2018) for a given stimulus strength. Works for an arbitrary number of confidence rating levels.
\f1\i0 \
\
\
\
Link to preprint: https://www.biorxiv.org/content/biorxiv/early/2021/12/22/2021.12.17.473249.full.pdf\
Read-me written by Zoe Boundy-Singer (zoebsinger@utexas.edu) 04/04/2022\
}